c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\bin\Debug\KOAFORWPF.exe.config
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\bin\Debug\KOAFORWPF.exe
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\bin\Debug\KOAFORWPF.pdb
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KOAFORWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KOAFORWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KOAFORWPF.g.resources
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KOAFORWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KOAFORWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KOAFORWPF.exe
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KOAFORWPF.pdb
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\Anasayfa.baml
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\Anasayfa.g.cs
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanListele.baml
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanListele.g.cs
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\IsListele.baml
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunListele.baml
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\IsListele.g.cs
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunListele.g.cs
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanAyarla.baml
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\IsAyarla.baml
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanAyarla.g.cs
c:\users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\IsAyarla.g.cs
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanEkle.baml
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanEkle.g.cs
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanGuncelle.baml
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\CalisanGuncelle.g.cs
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunAyarla.baml
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunAyarla.g.cs
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunEkle.baml
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunGuncelle.baml
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunEkle.g.cs
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\UrunGuncelle.g.cs
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\IsEkle.baml
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\IsEkle.g.cs
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KullaniciGuncelle.baml
C:\Users\okan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KOAFORWPF\KOAFORWPF\obj\Debug\KullaniciGuncelle.g.cs
